hello , light of light is approaching
Easter
which means we will cook Easter cakes
Today I offer modern
alternative to easter muffins i them
I just adore it because it's preparing
fast and look very beautiful at first
connect with 200 grams of melted
butter that is one pack
a glass of sugar and grind now
add 2 eggs and lemon zest all
mix until smooth
the center added the mood of our liquid
mixtures sugar is already dissolved in oil and
now we add the main ingredient
this is yogurt yes thanks to yogurt
these muffins are always honest
servant
such colossus is a win-win
especially for those who spend whole days on
work if in classical since
mess around all day with tomatoes
cook and fast and most importantly not
100% oily
liquid ingredients are ready now
we combine all the dried flour a little soda
or baking powder just a little bit and salt
stir and now gradually
add flour
to our liquid ingredients and
stir
so i'm doing less
lumps formed if you pour out
immediately and the dry mixture is then very difficult
will get rid of them and if you add
gradually
fat so simplify your life many
my friends do not cook paski because
it is long and difficult, but such
one hundred percent easter muffins
always turns out and most importantly ready for
only takes an hour of time so
this year you simply owe them
cook the dough should
It will turn out like this a little thicker than
Pancake I like to add to the dough
candied fruit or raisins do not like to add
mac mac usually crunches on teeth
before adding raisins pour
boiling water for our raisins to become
juicier and leave for a couple of minutes
stand raisins swell we began
now you can add it to the dough
add
our dough is ready to fill it with molds
pour the dough into two thirds of the volume
molds and leave space for
so that the dough was where to grow
bake muffins will be in the oven
warmed to 190 degrees for 20
minutes drove and while our muffins are in
the oven will tackle the top today
I will show two ways to decorate the tops
first classic cold squirrels
powdered sugar and combine with
blender whip if beaten correctly
powdered sugar with protein should
get the icing like that
consistency second decoration
muffin tops would be unusual i
cook it from white chocolate all
than just breaking white chocolate
slices and melt in the microwave
by the way melt the best de porous a
plain chocolate
put it in the microwave start from 20
seconds and and see how fast
easy it melts everything is fine
Melt 20 seconds was sufficient and
in the meantime my colts got ready
very happy to see them
and even more inhale their magical scent
it remains to decorate them and everything is ready two
decoration options are already ready for me
white melted chocolate and frosting
powdered sugar and protein
usually what we do is take a spoon and
spread the icing on top I'm today
I will arrive with a non-standard muffin we dip
in our frosting
inside the castle
correctly apply the glaze exactly in so
dipping after this use the dressing
now do the same with white
chocolate
Easter muffins turned out just
delicious and it took to cook everything
only an hour of time they are all day like this
would happen if I cooked
traditional easter cakes
be sure to cook Easter
muffins for these positions